Update docs to new structure (#13039)
JabRef/jabref: docs/getting-into-the-code/guidelines-for-setting-up-a-local-workspace/intellij-12-build.md

## Ensure that the project is synchronized

Press the synchronization button in the gradle menu.

1. Locate the gradle icon on the right side and click on it.
2. Click on the arrows on the left side of this pane.

{% figure caption:"Gradle sync button" %}
![Platform Settings - SDKs](13-01-gradle-sync.png)
{% endfigure %}

Press <kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>1</kbd> to show the project view

Then, on the left side the project folder is there:

{% figure caption:"Project folder" %}
![Project folder](13-02-project-folder.png)
{% endfigure %}

## Switch JDK to the latest one

Open the module settings:

1. Open the context menu of the project
2. Choose "Open Module Settings"

{% figure caption:"Open Module Settings" %}
![Open Module Settings](13-03-open-module-settings.png)
{% endfigure %}

Enable JDK 24:

1. On the left, navigate to "Project".
2. Choose "Download JDK..."
3. Select version 24
4. Select vendor "Eclipse Temurin"
5. Click on "Download"

{% figure caption:"Download Eclipse Temurin" %}
![Download Eclipse Temurin](13-04-download-temurin.png)
{% endfigure %}

Finally enable the JDK:

1. Click "OK" to close the dialog "Project Structure".

> 2. Wait for IntelliJ indexing the new JDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Wait for IntelliJ to index the new JDK.
```
